GENERAL HOUSEKEEPING, cleaning up the index.html file. Check for anything that can help trim down this file. I am open to splitting things out into extra .js/css files that you suggest to keep some features more contained and easier for you to search and edit in the future. Should still allow modularity.

General Font Change, A lot of the font is too small in places. For example in the hospital modal, The beds occupied and patients text are too small that its hard to read clearly. Changes should be universal as this is a common occurrence. (Left Sidebar Category Labels, Header labels, Etc.)

Major Bug - Hospitals and Hospital Management - Unable to purchase any new departments or add beds to the emergency department. In general do a bug test to ensure hospitals function as intended. Also unable to see what ambulances are at the hospital waiting to unload and the time for those ambulances until they finish unloading. Check for these bugs with the jail/prison system too. In general system seems bugged because with an empty hospital i dropped a PT off and they did not show up in the hospital modal window. No treatment time, nada. It looks like for EMS there is no payment for transport or transport milage. And nothing came from the hospital payment wise either. Entire system seems broken, validate everything and check for functionality.

Bug - Law Enforcement Station Management - Able to buy holding cells, however the manage cells button goes nowhere. Probably unlikely to see anything if I was even able to transport suspects.

UI - Left Sidebar - Place Pan/Select tool at the top of the left sidebar. Add a collapsible dropdown containing all the build items which also collapse. (IE nested Build Category, Then Build - Stations can also open/close as desired.) Ask questions for clarity here. Move the facilities list below the pan/select tool near the top. Also add Stations and filters for those stations to this search tool. Basically move the stations tab from the left sidebar to the facilities list modal. And add tabs/filters for other facilities as needed. There should be a "all stations/facilities" Tab too.

UI - Dispatch Center Modal - Under assigned ESN zones, Make it so that each ESN has a clean display for Fire/EMS/Police Coverage. Right now it wraps and is hard to read.

UI - Station Modal - Allow players to adjust unit position/order in units list on station window via drag and drop.

Transport Van Pricing LEO - 25000 is entirely way too much.

UI - Call Window - Patient Status only updates on transport tab, but the progress bar does not update on the dispatch tab.

UI - Hovering over unit on map, the popup should also show ETA to destination.

UI - Add another settings tab where you can define colors to units based on type. This saves and is used in the dispatch list where it highlights behind only the Unit Type Name. Examples - "Patrol Unit" "Supervisor" "Brush Truck"

Major Bug - Calls with Patients do not wait until all Patients are transported from the scene before clearing/resolving. Big issue there, unable to actually transport anyone and further check hospital functionality. Check for this bug with prisoners too as i have not ran into that yet, but it seems like its possible. Additionally it looks like theres no list for suspects on calls like there are for patients, and no transport window. Calls should only clear AFTER all transport decisions are made. Both Law Transport and EMS Transport.

Groundwork For Phase 4 - Unit Window/Modal. Can click into it from units on the map or anywhere else a unit is referenced in a window. Shows a bunch of unit info, can rename from here too. General data like ETAs for all phases, PTs loaded, Suspects loaded, etc. Ask Questions to verify intent.

General QOL - Units responding emergent get a speed boost to minimum 40MPH. Checks for speeds on roads and goes 15MPH over whatever the speed data says for OSRM. Keep the general 30MPH floor for returning units otherwise where OSRM data is below 30MPH. In general LEO transports should follow speed limits keeping speed floor in mind. BLS EMS transports should follow speed limit + 10MPH (Keeping speed floor in mind) ALS EMS Transports should follow speed limit/data + 20MPH keeping floor in mind. Ask Questions to verify intent.